feat: super zk game (#83)
defi-wonderland/specs: specs/fault-proof/stage-one/zk/super-zk-migration.md

1. **Deploy the new implementation.** Deploy `SuperZKDisputeGame` and register it in
   `OPContractsManagerContainer.Implementations`.

2. **Swap the implementation in `DisputeGameFactory`.** Call the 3-argument overload:

   ```solidity
   disputeGameFactory.setImplementation(
       GameTypes.SUPER_ZK_GAME_TYPE,
       address(superZKImpl),
       gameArgs  // variable-length CWIA bytes
   );
   ```

   Old game clones are unaffected. New games created after this call use `superZKImpl`.

3. **Disable the old implementation.**

   ```solidity
   disputeGameFactory.setImplementation(sourceGameType, address(0), "");
   ```

   This prevents new games from being created under the old type.

4. **Update the respected game type in `AnchorStateRegistry`.**

   ```solidity
   anchorStateRegistry.setRespectedGameType(GameTypes.SUPER_ZK_GAME_TYPE);
   ```

5. **Add `SUPER_ZK_GAME_TYPE` to `GameTypes.isSuperGame()`.** Required for `OptimismPortal`
   to call `rootClaimByChainId` on `SuperZKDG` games during withdrawal verification. If this was
   already shipped at initial `SuperZKDG` launch, this step is a no-op.

> 6. **Reinitialize `AnchorStateRegistry`.** An ASR reinitializer sets the new anchor root to a

Reviewer: Is this necessary? . A previous proven Super Root coming from a SFDG/SPDG game is in the same format as the SuperZK one so new ZK games can build on top of them without a need to reinitialize

Author: [e050f13](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/specs/pull/83/commits/e050f13706c8c017b5ea5848a9e7b0efe29fcb17)

## Path A: SFDG → SuperZKDG (Isolated Chain)

Single chain with its own `DisputeGameFactory`, `AnchorStateRegistry`, and `OptimismPortal`.

Execute [Common Mechanics](#common-mechanics) in a single `OPCMv2.upgrade()` call.

The ASR reinitializer fires once. No idempotency concerns arise since there is only one chain in
scope.

## Path B: SPDG → SuperZKDG (Isolated Chain)

Single chain currently using the permissioned dispute game, migrating to permissionless ZK proofs.

Execute [Common Mechanics](#common-mechanics) in a single `OPCMv2.upgrade()` call with the
following additional considerations:

- Cross-mode transition: this is a permissioned → permissionless transition. The OPCM upgrade
  logic MUST explicitly allow `SPDG → SUPER_ZK_GAME_TYPE` as a valid source-to-target game type
  pair (i.e., it cannot assume source and target share the same permission model).
- Operational readiness: permissionless infrastructure (op-challenger, prover network) MUST be
  operational and funded before the respected game type is switched. This is the chain operator's
  responsibility and is not enforced by OPCM, but MUST be verified prior to executing the upgrade.

> ## Path C: SFDG → SuperZKDG (Interop Set)

Reviewer 2: This section is great, thanks for adding this; let's add an additional paragraph saying that all of this is intended to be a future work

> ## Path C: SFDG → SuperZKDG (Interop Set)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Path C: Shared SFDG → Shared SuperZKDG
```

> Multiple chains (e.g., OPM + Unichain) sharing a single `DisputeGameFactory`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This case covers chains sharing a single `DisputeGameFactory`,
```
